it's 1200 hours GMT that's 2:00 in the
afternoon in Gaza where Israeli forces
and Hamas Fighters are continuing to
exchange fire Israel's prime minister
Benyamin Netanyahu has dismissed gra
calls for ceasefire saying it would
amount to a surrender to Hamas these are
live pictures now from the Gaza Strip
where Israel is expanding ground
operations and continuing air strikes at
least 200 people have been killed in the
past 24 hours on Monday Israeli
bombardment directly hit gaza's only
hospital for cancer patients causing
extensive damage the red Cresent says
one of its warehouses was also severely
affected the number of Palestinians
killed in the past 24 days has now risen
to more than 8 and a half thousand
people and that includes around 3 and a
half thousand children meaning one child
has been killed every 10 minutes 125
people have been killed in the occupied
West Bank in the past 3 weeks including
two prisoners in Israeli custody the
Israeli government says more than 1,400
Israelis were killed in hamas's attack
on October the 7th Asad beg begins our
coverage during night and day Gaza
Burns Palestinians are woken by the
Sands of explosions and cries for help
this is now the sound of
Gaza with strike after strike hitting
one of the most densely populated places
on Earth and yet they
resist through their very survival with
many being pulled out from under the
rubber Street after Street destroyed no
one is spared the elderly women and
children nearly 10,000 are
dead the hospitals are the last place of
Refuge but even they come under direct
attack part of the Indonesian hospital
was damaged but they have no choice but
to carry on
as you can see now we are performing
surgeries in the corridor of the
surgical Suites because all of the
Suites are full from 7:00 this morning
we received a large number of injured
patients who needed immediate surgery
the surgeons performing these operations
are of course tired and exhausted but
someone needed to handle these
patients hospitals serve as a reminder
of the atrocities being inflicted on the
strip and its
people where's my father this boy asks
his
mother she doesn't have an
answer they serve as a reminder of the
atrocities being inflicted on the strip
and its people parents helpers to
protect their children while they
themselves are having to enoy being forc
from their homes and yet remain
trapped some have lost
[Music]
everything we don't have anything
nothing he was just going out to find
gas CU we don't have any at home he was
looking for bread for the children and
then they told me he was
martyred Israel has released footage of
its troops on the ground in Gaza Hamas
says its Fighters are battling
them but most Palestinians in the strip
only want to know when the Bloodshed
will stop Assad B Al
jazer Al jaz's Han Mahmud joins us now
from Kan un inside the Gaza Strip and
hany while Israel continues its military
assault on Gaza the desperate need for
supplies and Aid is becoming more
acute this is exactly the direct results
of the ongoing uh massive and and and
massive air strikes and mass bombardment
of the Gaza Strip there is a clear uh
damage to infrastructure connecting the
North to the southern part of Gaza in
addition to the ongoing bombardment of
the Southern part of Gaza and the
Central Area namely the city of RA and
then in the central part and the camp
andak area which uh leads to more
difficulty of movement of people as well
as a vehicle as well which uh in in in
as a result it makes it difficult for
people to get their uh get through their
days with basic supplies and what they
needed from the humanitarian uh Convoy
that were allowed into the Gaza Strip
there is
a complicate there there are complicated
situations going on and there is a dire
need for basic supplies uh to enter Gaza
and to be uh to reach to to people but
as the situation intensifies and with
the ground forces are pushing uh pushing
further in the northern part of Gaza and
from the Eastern of Gaza City all the
way to the two main roads of Gaza City
salahadin Road and AR Rashid Road the
coastal road to the west of Gaza uh life
the the the two parts of the Gaza Strip
are going to be separated uh fairly uh
fairly soon as there is a continuous
movement of the Israeli tanks from these
two sides what seems to be a squeeze of
the Gaza City in the coming hours there
is a lot more uh to to to to talk about
but due to
disabled network of communication we
find it really difficult to get all the
necessary updates coming from Gaza City
or the northern part of Gaza H Mahmud
there for us in car unus thank you